k8s: clarify CRD schema versioning and its update process (#13811)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/contributing/release/rc.rst

       instance, indentation mismatches) as well as duplicate contributor
       names, and correct them accordingly.

#. Set the right version for the ``CustomResourceDefinitionSchemaVersion`` in
   the ``pkg/k8s/client`` by following these instructions:

>    If you are doing the first RC for a new minor version the validation schema

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you are doing the first RC for a new minor version, the validation schema
```

   version should be ``vX.Y.1`` regardless of the value set in

>    ``CustomResourceDefinitionSchemaVersion``.

Reviewer: I am confused by this. My reading is if we are about to create a new RC, for ex. 1.10-rc1, then the validation schema version should be `v1.10.1`?  Surely, that's not what you meant, but that's how it reads. I assume you mean the schema version minor should be incremented and the patch version should be `1`.

I think in general giving an example of what you mean here will greatly clarify things.

   If this is not the first RC run, and there is a branch for ``vX.Y``:

   Run ``./Documentation/check-crd-compat-table.sh vX.Y``

   If there is not a branch for ``vX.Y`` yet, make sure the CRD schema is either
   not incremented, in case there were no changes or it is incremented at

>    maximum of +1 patch versions in case there were CRD changes.

Reviewer: This is slightly confusing to me too. I think you mean this and correct me if I'm wrong:

```suggestion
   If a branch for ``vX.Y`` doesn't exist yet, then ensure the CRD schema version has not been incremented in the case there were no changes. If there were changes to the CRD, then ensure it is incremented at most by 1 patch version.
```
